README.md, before:

# Prettier for Atom [![Watch on GitHub][github-watch-badge]][github-watch][![Star on GitHub][github-star-badge]][github-star][![Tweet][twitter-badge]][twitter]

<!-- [![Dependencies][dependencyci-badge]][dependencyci] TODO: Add dependency CI! -->

<!-- [![Code of Conduct][coc-badge]][coc] -->

[![Version][version-badge]][package]
[![Downloads][downloads-badge]][package]
[![Build Status][build-badge]][build]
[![Code Coverage][coverage-badge]][coverage]
[![MIT License][license-badge]][license]
[![All Contributors][all-contributors-badge]](#contributors)
[![PRs Welcome][prs-badge]][prs]

Atom package to format your JavaScript, Typescript, CSS, Sass, and JSON using [Prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier).
Comes with powerful optional [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) integration.

## Demo

![prettier demo][prettier-demo]

## Installation

```
apm install prettier-atom
```

Or go to _Settings → Install_ and search for `prettier-atom`.

Make sure to restart Atom after the package is installed.

## Usage

There are two modes you can use:

* Invoke manually using the **keyboard shortcut** (if no selection, whole file is formatted): <kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>ALT</kbd> + <kbd>F</kbd>
* Automatically **format on save** (requires enabling in _Packages → Prettier → Toggle Format on Save_)

If you use ESLint, check the "ESLint Integration" checkbox and \*poof\*, everything should work (we use Kent Dodds's [`prettier-eslint`][prettier-eslint] plugin under the hood).
We will recursively search up the file tree for your `package.json` and ESLint settings, and use them when formatting.

![prettier-eslint demo][prettier-eslint-demo]

More detailed descriptions of each option can be found in the Atom settings for this plugin.

Please open a pull request or file an issue if you notice bugs or something doesn't work as it should!

## Troubleshooting

If Prettier (or prettier-eslint, if ESLint integration is enabled) is not formatting something properly, please open an issue on the relevant GitHub repository. This package is only integrating those projects to be used in Atom.

## Inspiration

This repository was created by [James Long][james-long] to go along with his Prettier project. [Kent C. Dodds][kentcdodds] extended Prettier to add `eslint --fix` integration as [prettier-eslint][prettier-eslint] and forked the original `prettier-atom` plugin to create the `prettier-eslint-atom` plugin. Because it became clear that the plugins were very similar and thus maintenance made easier by combining the two, [Rob Wise][robwise] merged `prettier-eslint-atom` back into `prettier-atom`.

## Maintainers

[Rob Wise][robwise]

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these people ([emoji key][emojis]):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/17031?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>James Long</b></sub>](http://jlongster.com)<br />[💬](#question-jlongster "Answering Questions") [💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=jlongster "Code") [📖](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=jlongster "Documentation") [🔌](#plugin-jlongster "Plugin/utility libraries") [👀](#review-jlongster "Reviewed Pull Requests") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6173488?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Rob Wise</b></sub>](https://robwise.github.io)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=robwise "Code") [📖](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=robwise "Documentation") [💬](#question-robwise "Answering Questions") [💡](#example-robwise "Examples") [👀](#review-robwise "Reviewed Pull Requests") [⚠️](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=robwise "Tests") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1500684?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Kent C. Dodds</b></sub>](https://kentcdodds.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=kentcdodds "Code") [📖](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=kentcdodds "Documentation") [🚇](#infra-kentcdodds "Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1144075?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Luca Barone</b></sub>](https://github.com/cloud-walker)<br /> | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/4514159?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Arnar Þór Sveinsson</b></sub>](https://github.com/arnarthor)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=arnarthor "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/131916?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Adam Miskiewicz</b></sub>](http://www.adammiskiewicz.com/)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=skevy "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2685242?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Ori Livni</b></sub>](http://www.orilivni.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=oriSomething "Code") |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6182852?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Leon Chen</b></sub>](https://transcranial.github.io)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=transcranial "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/197597?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Christopher Chedeau</b></sub>](http://blog.vjeux.com/)<br />[💬](#question-vjeux "Answering Questions") [💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=vjeux "Code") [🔌](#plugin-vjeux "Plugin/utility libraries") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/646693?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Christoph Geschwind</b></sub>](http://christoph-geschwind.de)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=1st8 "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/35026?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Andrew Hutchings</b></sub>](https://andrewhutchings.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=ahutchings "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/875591?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>David Schnurr</b></sub>](http://davidschnurr.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=schnerd "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/484801?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Ryan Cole</b></sub>](http://rycole.com/)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=ryancole "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/11488612?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Dara Hak</b></sub>](https://github.com/darahak)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=darahak "Code") [📖](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=darahak "Documentation") |
| [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/487068?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Stephen John Sorensen</b></sub>](http://www.stephenjohnsorensen.com/)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=spudly "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/13285808?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Lukas Geiger</b></sub>](https://github.com/lgeiger)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=lgeiger "Code") [⚠️](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=lgeiger "Tests") | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1517854?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Viktor Charypar</b></sub>](https://github.com/charypar)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=charypar "Code") [⚠️](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=charypar "Tests") | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1007436?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Mats Högberg</b></sub>](http://mats.hgbrg.se)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=mhgbrg "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/2602767?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Roman</b></sub>](https://github.com/RoM4iK)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=RoM4iK "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1468518?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>vaibhav</b></sub>](https://vaibhavchatarkar.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=da-vaibhav "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1935696?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Karl Horky</b></sub>](https://work.karlhorky.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=karlhorky "Code") |
| [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/810438?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Dan Abramov</b></sub>](http://twitter.com/dan_abramov)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=gaearon "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/1227109?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Murphy Randle</b></sub>](https://sploding.rocks)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=splodingsocks "Code") [🐛](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/issues?q=author%3Asplodingsocks "Bug reports") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/8517072?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Matthieu Lemoine</b></sub>](https://matthieulemoine.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=MatthieuLemoine "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/37242?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Ron Green</b></sub>](https://github.com/rgreenjr)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=rgreenjr "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1745854?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Harold Treen</b></sub>](https://haroldtreen.com)<br />[🐛](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/issues?q=author%3Aharoldtreen "Bug reports") [💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=haroldtreen "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/3447641?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Nikita Mashukov</b></sub>](https://github.com/ferdibiflator)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=ferdibiflator "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/8203211?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Sam Horton</b></sub>](https://github.com/SavePointSam)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=SavePointSam "Code") [⚠️](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=SavePointSam "Tests") |
| [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/5957709?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>olsonpm</b></sub>](https://github.com/olsonpm)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=olsonpm "Code") |
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors][all-contributors] specification. Contributions of any kind are welcome!

## LICENSE

[MIT](./LICENSE.md)

[npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/
[node]: https://nodejs.org
[build-badge]: https://img.shields.io/travis/prettier/prettier-atom.svg?style=flat-square
[build]: https://travis-ci.org/prettier/prettier-atom
[coverage-badge]: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/prettier/prettier-atom.svg?style=flat-square
[coverage]: https://codecov.io/github/prettier/prettier-atom
[dependencyci-badge]: https://dependencyci.com/github/prettier/prettier-atom/badge?style=flat-square
[dependencyci]: https://dependencyci.com/github/prettier/prettier-atom
[version-badge]: https://img.shields.io/apm/v/prettier-atom.svg?style=flat-square
[package]: https://atom.io/packages/prettier-atom
[downloads-badge]: https://img.shields.io/apm/dm/prettier-atom.svg?style=flat-square
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/apm/l/prettier-atom.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/blob/master/LICENSE
[prs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[prs]: http://makeapullrequest.com
[coc-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square
[coc]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/blob/master/other/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[roadmap-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%93%94-roadmap-CD9523.svg?style=flat-square
[roadmap]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/blob/master/other/ROADMAP.md
[github-watch-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/prettier/prettier-atom.svg?style=social
[github-watch]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/watchers
[github-star-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/prettier/prettier-atom.svg?style=social
[github-star]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/stargazers
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Check%20out%20prettier-atom!%20https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom%20%F0%9F%91%8D
[twitter-badge]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/github.com/prettier/prettier-atom.svg?style=social
[emojis]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors#emoji-key
[all-contributors]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors
[all-contributors-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-13-orange.svg?style=flat-square
[prettier]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier
[prettier-eslint]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-eslint
[kentcdodds]: https://github.com/kentcdodds
[james-long]: https://github.com/jlongster
[robwise]: https://github.com/robwise
[prettier-demo]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/raw/master/prettier-demo.gif
[prettier-eslint-demo]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/raw/master/prettier-eslint-demo.gif

Commit message:

docs(readme.md): Make docs and settings more user friendly
- Add brief 'How to use it' at the top of the readme
- Rename 'Usage' section to 'Detailed Usage' and add a few more details
- Move scopes outside of the 'formatOnSave' block and below other
  options as these take up a lot of room and will likely not be
  modified as frequently.
- Add that prettier-eslint runs `--fix` to the option description
- Add different, smaller demo gif

fix #207

README.md, after:

# Prettier for Atom [![Watch on GitHub][github-watch-badge]][github-watch][![Star on GitHub][github-star-badge]][github-star][![Tweet][twitter-badge]][twitter]

<!-- [![Dependencies][dependencyci-badge]][dependencyci] TODO: Add dependency CI! -->

<!-- [![Code of Conduct][coc-badge]][coc] -->

[![Version][version-badge]][package]
[![Downloads][downloads-badge]][package]
[![Build Status][build-badge]][build]
[![Code Coverage][coverage-badge]][coverage]
[![MIT License][license-badge]][license]
[![All Contributors][all-contributors-badge]](#contributors)
[![PRs Welcome][prs-badge]][prs]

Atom package to format your JavaScript, Typescript, CSS, Sass, and JSON using [Prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier).
Optionally integrates with [ESLint](http://eslint.org/), [EditorConfig](http://editorconfig.org/), and [stylelint](https://stylelint.io/).

## How to use it

After [installation](#installation) you are ready to use prettier in a way that suits your needs
- Toggle 'format on save' to have prettier format your code upon saving
- Run the command `Prettier: Format (Ctrl+Alt+F)` to format your file manually
- By default, formatting will use your [prettier configuration](https://prettier.io/docs/en/configuration.html).
  Otherwise it falls back to the prettier settings you chose in this plugin.

## Demo

![prettier demo](initial-demo.gif)

## Installation

```
apm install prettier-atom
```

Or go to _Settings → Install_ and search for `prettier-atom`.

Make sure to restart Atom after the package is installed.

## Detailed Usage

There are two modes you can use:

* Invoke manually using the **keyboard shortcut** (if no selection, whole file is formatted): <kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>ALT</kbd> + <kbd>F</kbd>
* Automatically **format on save** (requires enabling in _Packages → Prettier → Toggle Format on Save_)

Note this plugin will default to using the prettier in your project's 'node_modules' directory.  If none is found then
it falls back to using whatever version is installed with the plugin.

If you use ESLint, check the "ESLint Integration" checkbox and \*poof\*, everything should work (we use Kent Dodds's [`prettier-eslint`][prettier-eslint] plugin under the hood).
We will recursively search up the file tree for your `package.json` and ESLint settings, and use them when formatting.

![prettier-eslint demo][prettier-eslint-demo]

Toggles are also available for editorconfig and stylelint integrations, where editorconfig support is
[built into prettier](https://prettier.io/blog/2017/12/05/1.9.0.html#add-editorconfig-support-3255-https-githubcom-prettier-prettier-pull-3255-by-josephfrazier-https-githubcom-josephfrazier)
and stylelint is supported via [prettier-stylelint](https://github.com/hugomrdias/prettier-stylelint).

More detailed descriptions of each option can be found in the Atom settings for this plugin.

Please open a pull request or file an issue if you notice bugs or something doesn't work as it should!

## Troubleshooting

If Prettier (or prettier-eslint, if ESLint integration is enabled) is not formatting something properly, please open an issue on the relevant GitHub repository. This package is only integrating those projects to be used in Atom.

## Inspiration

This repository was created by [James Long][james-long] to go along with his Prettier project. [Kent C. Dodds][kentcdodds] extended Prettier to add `eslint --fix` integration as [prettier-eslint][prettier-eslint] and forked the original `prettier-atom` plugin to create the `prettier-eslint-atom` plugin. Because it became clear that the plugins were very similar and thus maintenance made easier by combining the two, [Rob Wise][robwise] merged `prettier-eslint-atom` back into `prettier-atom`.

## Maintainers

[Rob Wise][robwise]

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these people ([emoji key][emojis]):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/17031?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>James Long</b></sub>](http://jlongster.com)<br />[💬](#question-jlongster "Answering Questions") [💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=jlongster "Code") [📖](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=jlongster "Documentation") [🔌](#plugin-jlongster "Plugin/utility libraries") [👀](#review-jlongster "Reviewed Pull Requests") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6173488?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Rob Wise</b></sub>](https://robwise.github.io)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=robwise "Code") [📖](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=robwise "Documentation") [💬](#question-robwise "Answering Questions") [💡](#example-robwise "Examples") [👀](#review-robwise "Reviewed Pull Requests") [⚠️](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=robwise "Tests") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1500684?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Kent C. Dodds</b></sub>](https://kentcdodds.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=kentcdodds "Code") [📖](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=kentcdodds "Documentation") [🚇](#infra-kentcdodds "Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1144075?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Luca Barone</b></sub>](https://github.com/cloud-walker)<br /> | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/4514159?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Arnar Þór Sveinsson</b></sub>](https://github.com/arnarthor)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=arnarthor "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/131916?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Adam Miskiewicz</b></sub>](http://www.adammiskiewicz.com/)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=skevy "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2685242?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Ori Livni</b></sub>](http://www.orilivni.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=oriSomething "Code") |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6182852?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Leon Chen</b></sub>](https://transcranial.github.io)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=transcranial "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/197597?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Christopher Chedeau</b></sub>](http://blog.vjeux.com/)<br />[💬](#question-vjeux "Answering Questions") [💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=vjeux "Code") [🔌](#plugin-vjeux "Plugin/utility libraries") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/646693?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Christoph Geschwind</b></sub>](http://christoph-geschwind.de)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=1st8 "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/35026?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Andrew Hutchings</b></sub>](https://andrewhutchings.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=ahutchings "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/875591?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>David Schnurr</b></sub>](http://davidschnurr.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=schnerd "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/484801?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Ryan Cole</b></sub>](http://rycole.com/)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=ryancole "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/11488612?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Dara Hak</b></sub>](https://github.com/darahak)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=darahak "Code") [📖](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=darahak "Documentation") |
| [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/487068?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Stephen John Sorensen</b></sub>](http://www.stephenjohnsorensen.com/)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=spudly "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/13285808?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Lukas Geiger</b></sub>](https://github.com/lgeiger)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=lgeiger "Code") [⚠️](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=lgeiger "Tests") | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1517854?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Viktor Charypar</b></sub>](https://github.com/charypar)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=charypar "Code") [⚠️](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=charypar "Tests") | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1007436?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Mats Högberg</b></sub>](http://mats.hgbrg.se)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=mhgbrg "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/2602767?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Roman</b></sub>](https://github.com/RoM4iK)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=RoM4iK "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1468518?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>vaibhav</b></sub>](https://vaibhavchatarkar.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=da-vaibhav "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1935696?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Karl Horky</b></sub>](https://work.karlhorky.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=karlhorky "Code") |
| [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/810438?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Dan Abramov</b></sub>](http://twitter.com/dan_abramov)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=gaearon "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/1227109?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Murphy Randle</b></sub>](https://sploding.rocks)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=splodingsocks "Code") [🐛](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/issues?q=author%3Asplodingsocks "Bug reports") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/8517072?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Matthieu Lemoine</b></sub>](https://matthieulemoine.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=MatthieuLemoine "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/37242?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Ron Green</b></sub>](https://github.com/rgreenjr)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=rgreenjr "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1745854?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Harold Treen</b></sub>](https://haroldtreen.com)<br />[🐛](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/issues?q=author%3Aharoldtreen "Bug reports") [💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=haroldtreen "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/3447641?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Nikita Mashukov</b></sub>](https://github.com/ferdibiflator)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=ferdibiflator "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/8203211?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Sam Horton</b></sub>](https://github.com/SavePointSam)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=SavePointSam "Code") [⚠️](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=SavePointSam "Tests") |
| [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/5957709?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>olsonpm</b></sub>](https://github.com/olsonpm)<br />[💻](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/commits?author=olsonpm "Code") |
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors][all-contributors] specification. Contributions of any kind are welcome!

## LICENSE

[MIT](./LICENSE.md)

[npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/
[node]: https://nodejs.org
[build-badge]: https://img.shields.io/travis/prettier/prettier-atom.svg?style=flat-square
[build]: https://travis-ci.org/prettier/prettier-atom
[coverage-badge]: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/prettier/prettier-atom.svg?style=flat-square
[coverage]: https://codecov.io/github/prettier/prettier-atom
[dependencyci-badge]: https://dependencyci.com/github/prettier/prettier-atom/badge?style=flat-square
[dependencyci]: https://dependencyci.com/github/prettier/prettier-atom
[version-badge]: https://img.shields.io/apm/v/prettier-atom.svg?style=flat-square
[package]: https://atom.io/packages/prettier-atom
[downloads-badge]: https://img.shields.io/apm/dm/prettier-atom.svg?style=flat-square
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/apm/l/prettier-atom.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/blob/master/LICENSE
[prs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[prs]: http://makeapullrequest.com
[coc-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square
[coc]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/blob/master/other/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[roadmap-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%93%94-roadmap-CD9523.svg?style=flat-square
[roadmap]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/blob/master/other/ROADMAP.md
[github-watch-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/prettier/prettier-atom.svg?style=social
[github-watch]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/watchers
[github-star-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/prettier/prettier-atom.svg?style=social
[github-star]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/stargazers
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Check%20out%20prettier-atom!%20https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom%20%F0%9F%91%8D
[twitter-badge]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/github.com/prettier/prettier-atom.svg?style=social
[emojis]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors#emoji-key
[all-contributors]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors
[all-contributors-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-13-orange.svg?style=flat-square
[prettier]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier
[prettier-eslint]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-eslint
[kentcdodds]: https://github.com/kentcdodds
[james-long]: https://github.com/jlongster
[robwise]: https://github.com/robwise
[prettier-demo]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/raw/master/prettier-demo.gif
[prettier-eslint-demo]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier-atom/raw/master/prettier-eslint-demo.gif
